New content (#216)
archway-network/archway-docs: content/3.community/5.vote.md

Make sure you have [archwayd](../developers/developer-tools/daemon) installed.

Query the governance proposals with:

::highlight-card

```bash
archwayd q gov proposals --node <rpc-endpoint> --chain-id <network-name>

```

::

For example, you can query the proposals on Constantine with:

::highlight-card

```bash
archwayd q gov proposals https://rpc.constantine-1.archway.tech:443 --chain-id constantine-1
```

::

Once you noticed the proposal's id you want to vote on, you can vote with:

::highlight-card

```bash
archwayd tx gov vote <proposal-id> <vote> --from <wallet> --node <rpc-endpoint> --chain-id <network-name>
```
::

For example, voting **yes** on the proposal **28** on Constantine would be:
::highlight-card

```bash
archwayd tx gov vote 28 yes --from mywallet --node https://rpc.constantine-1.archway.tech:443 --chain-id constantine-1

```
::

### Voting on governance proposals via Keplr
Once Triumphe (Mainnet) is live, you can access the <a href="https://wallet.keplr.app/" target="_blank">Keplr dashboard</a> and select Archway. 

Make sure to have <a href="https://wallet.keplr.app/" target="_blank">Keplr</a> installed and to have checked the [wallet](wallet.md) page.

> In this example we show how to vote on the Cosmos Hub chain, by selecting it and clicking on **Governance**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the process of voting on the Cosmos Hub chain. To do so, you need to select it and then click on the **Governance** option.
```

![](/images/docs/keplr_gov_cosmos.png)

In order to vote, the proposal needs to be in its **Voting Period**.

Click on the proposal you want to vote on:
![](/images/docs/keplr_vote_cosmos2.png)

and vote on it:
![](/images/docs/keplr_vote_cosmos4.png)

As always, set the transactions fees and confirm.
![](/images/docs/keplr_vote_cosmos5.png)

### Voting on governance proposals via Cosmostation

Once Triumphe (Mainnet) is live, you can open the <a href="https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos" target="_blank">Cosmostation</a> app and select Archway. 

Make sure to have <a href="https://wallet.cosmostation.io/cosmos" target="_blank">Cosmostation</a> installed and to have checked the [wallet](wallet.md) page.

> Go in the governance section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the governance section:
```
